well in high school soccer the ELSA
crams certainly seemed fit for the
international stage at least when you
look at the makeup of the Rams roster a
roster that knows no borders for one of
the states and even nation's best high
school soccer teams
Randall OSA Mexico under discussed Iran
USA Jonathan quinoa El Salvador Antonio
Flores Honduras facsimiles Cuba frenzy
here nacho Nigeria
once again Dominica this one who said
Venezuela they are the United Nations of
high school soccer uniting together here
at a leap el sick it's fantastic it's a
great international team that we have
your great national from all over the
world many continents in all a dozen
nations are represented by players on
this Elsa Krause sir I think there are
80 different dialects that are spoken in
this community area and I think it's
fantastic people from all over the world
come here to live the American dream
look for a better life and Loma a lot of
them laying here right here in a leaf in
southwest Houston having team in from
around the world it's really a good
thing because there's diversity
different cultures different players
different languages it's a nice thing
because you don't see the same thing all
the time you don't see this in every
team many of these players have only
been in the US for a handful of years
others immigrated here when they were
much younger kids they bonded together
both in the classroom and on the playing
field through the truly international
sport of soccer you get to meet people
from different places and unite together
people you don't know from nowhere and
you get to play I mean it's football and
football has different language but the
ball bring us together and make us speak
one languages which is the football but
it is a good privilege playing with
people from different countries the only
thing we focus on is about how close we
become together about how many great
things we can do all together cuz that's
it
what is about about one team it's not
about own individual players not about
me is about all the players now he's
about only 121 team one
and this tight-knit group is extremely
talented as well
senior coyote George is being recruited
by the nation's top collegiate soccer
programs and after going undefeated
through its first 22 games the Rams were
ranked as the second best high school
soccer team in the entire nation the
players that we have here is that it's
at a very high quality level of area the
trainings at high quality the
intelligence the the control that touch
the play the fitness athleticism I don't
think there's too much you can ask more
from a high school team a high school
team with a uniquely international flair
for the game of soccer